The program should satisfy the following user stories:

1. Deal initial hand

As a dealer
I want to initially deal out two cards to the current player
So that we can begin the game

Acceptance Criteria:

A. Cards are dealt from a shuffled deck of 52 cards.
B. Output Player was dealt CARD for each card the player receives.
C. Output Dealer was dealt CARD for each card the dealer receives.



2. Prompt for input

As a player
I want to be prompted to hit or stand
So that I know when I have to act

Acceptance Criteria:

A. Prompt the player to hit or stand after they receive their initial hand.
B. Continue prompting unless the player stands or busts.
C. Output Hit or stand (H/S): and read the user input on the same line.
D. Notify the user when the input is invalid (neither hit or stand) and re-prompt.
E. Allow uppercase or lowercase characters as user input.




3. Display score

As a player
I want to know my current best possible score
So that I can decide whether to hit or stand

Acceptance Criteria:

A. Display the player's score each time they have to hit or stand.
B. Output Players score: SCORE on a separate line.
C. Aces should count as one or eleven, whichever is closest to 21 without going over.




4. Player hits

As a player
I want to hit
So that I can increase my score

Acceptance Criteria:

A. "Hit" takes another card from the deck and places it in the player's hand.
B. The player's best possible score should be recalculated and displayed again.
C. If the player busts, output Bust! Game over... and exit the game.




5. Player stands

As a player
I want to stand
So that I don't bust

Acceptance Criteria:

A. "Stand" will end the player's turn and begin the dealer's turn.
B. The player's best possible score should be recalculated and displayed again.



6. Dealer hits until score threshold

As a dealer
I want to continue hitting until my score is at least 17
So that I get close to 21 without too much risk of busting.

Acceptance Criteria:

A. While the dealer's best possible hand is below 17, continue hitting.
B. If the dealer's lowest score exceeds 21, output Bust! You win!.


-----------------------------------------------------------
Sample Output # 1

$ ./blackjack.rb
Welcome to Blackjack!

Player was dealt 10♦
Player was dealt A♣
Player score: 21

Hit or stand (H/S): s

Player score: 21


Dealer was dealt Q♠
Dealer was dealt 8♥
Dealer score: 18

Dealer stands.

You win!



Sample Output # 2
$ ./blackjack.rb
Welcome to Blackjack!

Player was dealt 7♦
Player was dealt 5♥
Player score: 12

Hit or stand (H/S): h

Player was dealt 2♥
Player score: 14

Hit or stand (H/S): h

Player was dealt J♠
Player score: 24

Bust! You lose...
